Add example documentation (#186)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/documenting.rst

Adding a new standalone example consists of placing it in an applicable
subdirectory in the ``examples/`` directory. If none of the existing directories
match the category of your example, create a new subdirectory with a
``README.txt`` file describing the new category which implies 
the Python project has the following structure:

.. code:: rst

    ├── doc
    │   ├── conf.py
    │   ├── index.rst
    |   ├── make.bat
    │   └── Makefile
    ├── my_python_module
    │   ├── __init__.py
    │   └── mod.py
    └── examples
        ├── plot_example.py
        ├── example.py
        └── README.txt (or .rst)

Enable the Sphinx-Gallery in the Sphinx doc/conf.py file with:

.. code:: Python

    extensions = [
        ...
        'sphinx_gallery.gen_gallery',
        ]

The following configuration declares the location of the `examples` directory 
to be ``../examples`` and the `output` directory to be ``examples``:

.. code:: Python

    sphinx_gallery_conf = {
     'examples_dirs': '../examples',   # path to your example scripts

>      'gallery_dirs': 'examples',  # path to where to save gallery generated output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     'gallery_dirs': 'examples',  # path where the gallery generated output will be saved
```

follow its `coding guidelines
<https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/index.html>`_.

> Using python, here is the simple example of how to :ref:`Add examples`.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should migrate the content of the `README.rst` file here, as this section is supposed to explain how to add examples.
